Missing observations: 
Removed Vacancy ID, myCC StudentView, position, employer, employer ID
when did they start running wecan as a tag? 
No data on clicks until cell 5343 - cannot run regression analysis until 2nd January 2020 (No job listings on NYD)
Removing all countries except UK
'WeCan not implemented until 25th March 2022 - so removed all cells before 21st March 2022 (Assuming mgt decision made on the Monday)
Username , UserID dropped - However, for employee monitoring, a dataset including this in the future would be very useful
Removed all regions except the United Kingdom - Degrees of freedom too small to make a meaningful comparison
Weird cells - Do I remove or change? Probably remove for simplicity and time efficiency
Cell 4363 - Gives UK towns, but placed as Ireland 
Removed expiry date

Do we keep academic year?
- Keeping academic year - Helps track long-term trends, helps idntify whether job listing receive more engagement over multiple hiring cycles. 
- Keeping publish date - Recruitment cycles vary - exact publication date is critical since interest in job listings fluctuate over time. 

Econometric model 
- Define the panel structure (see word doc)
- Doesn't have firm-fixed effects - How do we get around this (Employee size) - Could look at each employer, and then create my own variable? - This will take some time. 

Which econometric model do I use?
- Sensitivity analysis with model type (Start with baseline - OLS panel with fixed effects, then Poisson/negative binomial as clicks are count data, then heterogeneous effects model, then IV model?)
- How do I construct the NLP in R? This will probably be a session from home. 
- Number of positons - is this available to students when applying? 

- Renumeration
- Do I normalise values? 

Positions valued 'competitive' - Put NA temporarily - Or could research the salary 


NLP 
Collect Data via A/B Testing - Randomize job postings where the only variation is the inclusion or exclusion (or intensity) of action words. This helps in establishing a causal relationship
Feature Extraction - Use NLP techniques to extract and quantify the presence of action words along with other textual features.
Estimate Nuisance Parameters - Use machine learning models to estimate the impact of all other variables on clickthrough rate.
Apply the DML Framework - With the nuisance parameters controlled for, estimate the effect of the action words on clickthrough rate, yielding a robust causal inference.

Full concatenation for holistic model
Keep them seperate for section-specific insights: Introduction, details, call-to-action
- CareersCentral should start gathering data on firm-size (use Linkedin firm size for guidance)

Technique - Negative binomial fixed effects model - control for unobserved heterogeneity at the vacancy level, while still accounting for overdispersion.
to do: 
- Show Poisson model variance greater than mean

How do we interpret negative binomial model? 

Change the way number of positions is constructed
Need to change for diversity positions - UI - went on careerscentral website; it's not very clear - It's ineffective in its current form

Zero-Inflated Negative Binomial (ZINB) - 2-part model - Does WeCan_binary affect whether a vacancy gets any interest at all, and — if yes — how much interest?”
Logit vs probit for zero-inflation part - You're modelling whether a job vacancy is structurally unviewed, which reflects a binary operational process, and simple exposure errors. 
Difference between posting date and expiry date - could lead to students not being interested - Vacancy been available for a long time. 
